This lesson we're going to focus on javascript and build out all of those answer elements.
It's a very creative function in order to do that.
We can get rid of a console log in over here what we can do is just create a for loop and because we've
added in all of those values into holder we're going to loop through the length of holder and increment
X and then every time we loop through though we need to create another element.
So it's great var elements document and the method that we're using to create elements is create and
let's create some divs.
We're also going to do a value for checker.
So it's a variable and do a tear unary operator.
So this is where we're actually going to check to see if the value is correct.
So as we're looping through the holder array we know that we're already holding the correct value in
C..
And the variable sealer so I'll check to see if they match.
And if they do then we know that it's true.
Otherwise it's false.
And that's the value that we can pass into the attribute into the element.
And when we clicked the element We'll check the attribute to see if it's true or false if it's true
that we know that we got the correct answer.
Otherwise it's going to be false and it's incorrect.
So now going back to the element that we created a sort we need to set attribute and the attribute name
is going to be data correct.
You can call it whatever you want.
And we're going to passen the value of checker in their Also let's do element inner h to Mel.
And here we're just going to pass in whatever value is within holder.
And then lastly we also had to have those event listeners.
So let's attach that event listener and this is one of the reasons why we couldn't do it the same way
we did the question the category because we needed the ability to have these event listeners registered.
So we're going to do is we're going to send that answer whenever it gets clicked.
And then lastly we just need to append the value.
So we already have the location in cell answer so we need to just append child and that child is going
to be the element that we just created.
So it's that freshly created element.
So I think we're ready.
Let's take a look and see if we actually build some buttons.
And of course they don't look like buttons quite yet but we're going to rely on styling for that.
When we look at the HD M-L we see that we've got false true false false.
So the correct answer for this one is there.
So everything is working properly.
And also when we click it we're grabbing all of that element information.
See that's the data core is what we need to check to see.
True or false.
So let's add that in as well.
So right now we're just logging out that event object and we can also just as easily grab the element
attribute so we can do get attribute.
And we already know the attribute that we're looking for.
So data core.
And then this will pick up the value.
So this now it should say true or false.
So a click on any of these we see false false.
True.
So there we go.
So we're ready to continue on to our next step and actually increased out of scoring mechanism.
So if they are true and these are actually going to be string values they're unfortunate they're not
boolean values because they're coming through as an attribute and the attributes are strings.
So we're going to have to just check them as string values and you could actually have any values you
want in there you could have number values as well but they're all going to be coming in as strings.
So now it's up to you.
So open up your editor and do this update where you're building out an element on the fly within the
question builder function.
And next we're going to wrap this up where we're going to add in the scoring and then later we'll apply
some styling to make those actually look like buttons.